1 	X	with pprov l just checked in minor ch nge to th t cl rifies the signific nce of inform tion s.
2 	X	diff u r apr new feature or implementation for python.
3 	X	n inform tion l describes python design issue or provides gener l guidelines or inform tion to the python community but does not propose new fe ture.
4 	X	inform tion l do not represent python community consensus or recommend tion so users nd re free to ignore inform tion l or follow their dvice.
5 	X	with pprov l just checked in minor ch nge to th t cl rifies the signific nce of inform tion s.
6 	X	diff u r apr new feature or implementation for python.
7 	X	n inform tion l describes python design issue or provides gener l guidelines or inform tion to the python community but does not propose new fe ture.
8 	X	inform tion l do not represent python community consensus or recommend tion so users nd re free to ignore inform tion l or follow their dvice.
9 	X	if people disagree about this view of informational as advisory please speak up now so we can discuss this issue.
10 	X	with pprov l just checked in minor ch nge to th t cl rifies the signific nce of inform tion s.
11 	X	diff u r apr new feature or implementation for python.
12 	X	n inform tion l describes python design issue or provides gener l guidelines or inform tion to the python community but does not propose new fe ture.
13 	X	inform tion l do not represent python community consensus or recommend tion so users nd re free to ignore inform tion l or follow their dvice.
14 	X	if people disagree about this view of informational as advisory please speak up now so we can discuss this issue.
15 	X	if people disagree about this view of informational as advisory please speak up now so we can discuss this issue.
16 	X	this came up because of the recently posted .
17 	X	some people on the python list dont like s interf ce t ll nd other people think the whole ide of st nd rd pi for block encryption is .
18 	X	it seems impossible to come to consensus so i wanted to that informational dont bind people to the interfaces they describe.
19 	X	www ca i was continually connected with the whole world and never got any rest.
20 	X	t the moment i spend only few hours weekly on the net th ts just better for me.
21 	X	if people disagree about this view of informational as advisory please speak up now so we can discuss this issue.
22 	X	this came up because of the recently posted .
23 	X	some people on the python list dont like s interf ce t ll nd other people think the whole ide of st nd rd pi for block encryption is .
24 	X	it seems impossible to come to consensus so i wanted to that informational dont bind people to the interfaces they describe.
25 	X	www ca i was continually connected with the whole world and never got any rest.
26 	X	t the moment i spend only few hours weekly on the net th ts just better for me.
27 	X	seems to me that if an informational gets approval its binding but possibly not .
28 	X	im not sure what the point of an informational that has no consensus is though such documentation be spread by other means.
29 	X	com http www com.
30 	X	what if there were no questions.
31 	X	seems to me that if an informational gets approval its binding but possibly not .
32 	X	im not sure what the point of an informational that has no consensus is though such documentation be spread by other means.
33 	X	com http www com.
34 	X	what if there were no questions.
35 	X	specify anything related to programming or python though.
36 	X	i dont think its worth defining new c tegory to from d t b se pi or .
37 	X	regarding suggestion of introducing an experimental category whats the distinction be between experimental and informational if neither status carries any that users should to the .
38 	X	for example would be experimental or informational and why.
39 	X	specify anything related to programming or python though.
40 	X	i dont think its worth defining new c tegory to from d t b se pi or .
41 	X	regarding suggestion of introducing an experimental category whats the distinction be between experimental and informational if neither status carries any that users should to the .
42 	X	for example would be experimental or informational and why.
43 	X	seem suited for this and its how are used too.
44 	X	i could just stick it on r ndom web p ge somepl ce but like re much less likely to v nish nd re much shorter to reference.
45 	X	most start their life as experimental.
46 	X	then they either become standard with draft status in between or rejected or informational if no consensus is reached but the is still useful i expect the s to go here.
47 	X	some start out informational if they are of historical .
48 	X	for most practical purposes are with and i expect that just as the rfc process became more as the community grew well have to become more anal about rules too.
49 	X	most start their life as experimental.
50 	X	then they either become standard with draft status in between or rejected or informational if no consensus is reached but the is still useful i expect the s to go here.
51 	X	some start out informational if they are of historical .
52 	X	for most practical purposes are with and i expect that just as the rfc process became more as the community grew well have to become more anal about rules too.
53 	X	van home page http www python org .
